[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
DOG DAY AFTERNOON
[birds chirping]
[soft music]
[door creaks]
Odd, hurry up.
[Odd] Okay, I'm coming.
You don't wear socks
to get a better feel for the track?
I forgot to put 'em on.
Boy, am I gonna have blisters!
The way you sweat, you'll probably
have to chuck your sneakers.
-[Kiwi barks]
-[Odd hums] Nice one, Kiwi!
Did you see that? Kiwi opened the door
and he managed to find me all the way
on the other side of the campus!
He followed the smell of your feet. Easy.
[laughs]
Very funny!
Your jokes stink worse than my feet!
[Jim] On your marks… Get set… Go!
[panting]
[Sissi] Yoo-hoo, Ulrich.
Hey, how do I look?
I'm not sure you really wanna know.
[hums]
[panting and grunting]
Hey, Yumi!
[Yumi giggles]
Go!
[panting]
[watch beeping]
Yeah!
Very good time.
[hums]
Dunbar!
When I say go, it means go!
Two letter words aren't hard, are they?
[Jim] Either his ears need washing
or he's totally out of it.
You look completely lost, William.
How come?
I'm not. We're at the track, right?
-[hums]
-Oh, oh…
-Trouble at twelve o'clock.
-You're off your rocker.
-Go talk to the nurse at the infirmary.
-It's nothing serious.
He's a little out of sync
because he's in love.
Wait a second. Are you trying to say
that you and William are…
They say that love is like getting drunk.
-William doesn't drink, he's just…
-…just a complete half-wit, right?
[whistle]
Tenth graders, that's it for today.
Ninth graders, get on your marks!
[unintelligible chatter]
I think something weird is going on.
That was a close call with Sissi today.
I don't think she bought the love story.
Can't we upgrade the clone's quality?
Sorry. His stupidity is an unforeseen
emergent factor beyond our control.
To fix it,
I'd have to reprogram everything.
Let's keep improvising.
If we can.
Sissi's getting very suspicious.
What happens
if she tells her father about William?
Well, the only solution I can see is…
-Keep pretending you're in love.
-What?
-Yeah!
-[Ulrich grunts]
Perfect. If you're always together,
no one can get near him.
You've got a vital mission.
You've got to keep our secret safe.
[lively chimes]
I've improved the security program
for the tower that runs his clone.
Aelita, would you like to go to Lyoko
to install it after class?
-No problem. Who's going with me?
-Do all of us have to go?
Just one of you will be enough
to keep an eye on things with Aelita.
I volunteer!
-And I also have a great idea.
-Oh, oh.
Why don't we take Kiwi to Lyoko this time?
-Your brainless dog? But what for?
-First of all, my dog is not brainless.
Secondly, our talents
are multiplied on Lyoko.
Imagine Kiwi, and his sense of smell.
He could sniff monsters from miles away.
He might sniff out William on the network.
No way, Odd.
Kiwi's such a coward,
he'd take off soon as he saw a Kankrelat.
As fast as you did
the time you went to Lyoko?
[the others laugh]
[theme music]
[panting]
-[Jeremy and Aelita grunt]
-[barking]
[shushes]
Quiet!
[Odd grunts]
What happened in here?
[Odd] Looks like bikers
used our factory for training.
[Aelita] They aren't here anymore.
[Sissi] The coast is clear.
[action music]
[door creaks]
[nods]
[hums]
William, we've gotta talk.
This thing with you and Yumi
is baloney, right?
Everyone knows she's mad about Ulrich,
who's mad about me.
Ulrich Stern?
He's a nice guy.
I like him a lot.
If you think he is a nice guy,
then you are not well at all.
There are weirdo things going on
that I my father ought to know.
Sissi, what are you doing
in my boyfriend's room?
Don't think you can snow me, Yumi.
What has your gang done to William?
[Yumi laughs]
Nothing. You're imagining things.
Now, if you don't mind,
we're gonna take a little walk.
-Great guy Ulrich!
-[Sissi hums]
-[Jeremy] Ready?
-[Aelita] Ready to go.
-[Jeremy] Odd, are you ready?
-Hang on. Don't rush me, huh?
[Odd] Ready to go, Einstein.
Odd, is that you making that racket?
My tummy's rumbling.
Would you believe it? I'm still hungry.
Don't worry. This won't take long.
Once you're on Lyoko, you'll be a star.
[Jeremy] Transfer Aelita.
[digital whirring]
Transfer Odd.
-Scanner Odd.
-[Odd grunts]
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[energetic music]
[digital whirring]
[Aelita gasps]
[Odd gasps]
[Jeremy] The tower we want is behind you.
-Expecting someone?
-Get ready for a big surprise, princess.
[wind howling]
Well, what is it?
-Nothing. I was kidding.
-[Jeremy] Head for the tower, Aelita.
[Aelita] On my way.
[digital whirring]
I'll stand guard here.
[ethereal music]
[computer beeping]
[Aelita]
I'm starting the installation process.
Hope I didn't mess up.
[theme music]
[panting]
-Where are we going?
-Never mind. Just keep running.
[energetic music]
Jeremy, I hear some kind of noise.
[Jeremy] You're right.
Two Tarantulas just appeared.
They're at the other end of the sector.
I send you the overboard
just in case.
[Odd grunts and shouts]
[Jeremy] Knock it off, Odd.
The Tarantulas are far away, but still…
I can't seem to keep my balance.
What's wrong with me?
[Odd screams]
[Odd screams and groans]
[computer whirring]
[digital whirring]
Okay, Jeremy, the program's operational.
But, where did Odd go?
[Jeremy] He's busy clowning around.
[Odd moans]
Now that you're done,
I'll bring you both in. Materialization.
[Aelita pants]
What's going on around here?
[Odd groans]
Having trouble standing up?
There's no way I could've been… Oh, no!
Is something wrong?
No biggie, Jeremy.
Odd missed his snack time,
and it doesn't seem to agree with him.
[panting]
[Sissi grunts]
What a pest that Sissi is!
[hums]
[phone rings]
-[Aelita pants]
-Yes, Yumi?
[Yumi] I can't get rid of Sissi.
And I've got to go home right now.
Bring him back to school. We'll take over.
Okay, come on, Romeo. We're going home.
Is Romeo a nice guy, too?
I don't know him.
Let's go. I'll explain on the way.
[tense music]
-[Jim] Huh?
-Is something the matter, Jim?
Yeah, something serious.
I'm looking for my watch.
It must have fallen off after phys ed!
[grunts]
-[Odd sniffs]
-Della Robbia, have you gone mad?
[sniffing]
[hums] Is this it, Jim?
-Everything all right?
-Yeah, no sweat.
-[Aelita grunts]
-[Odd sniffs]
-Except that Odd's acting really weird.
-You only just noticed?
[Odd grunts]
[rattle]
Gross! Odd, I know you'll eat anything
when you're hungry, but that's ridiculous!
Ugh, come on, get real!
What's wrong with you?
[grunts]
Oh, no, this is getting worse!
I don't believe this!
Odd, stop!
Cut that out!
It's really…
I got this thing near my backside.
I think… I think… I think
I'm growing a tail!
[tense music]
[Ulrich groans]
[theme music]
[panting]
[phone rings]
[Aelita] Yumi,
you've gotta hang out
with William's clone a little longer.
We've got a slight problem. Here's Jeremy.
[Aelita] Talk to Yumi.
Yumi, according to my diagnosis,
Odd absorbed Kiwi during virtualization.
-Is it serious?
-Pretty much.
His human metabolism is still dominant,
but if we don't do something,
it'll be too late.
Can we use the scanners to separate them?
I think we can.
We'll have to send him… them
back to Lyoko.
Count me out.
I've still got that leech on my tail.
I know what to do.
I'll call you back from the factory.
Yeah, okay.
-We've wasted enough time. Let's go!
-But can't we eat first?
Wanna eat dog food all your life?
[barks]
[energetic music]
[panting]
Don't look back,
a stray dog is following us.
I'm gonna bit your leg
if you don't shut up!
[Odd] Just what we need right now!
You know those guys?
Uninvited visitors who use the factory
for a practice track!
What are you kids doing here?
Beat it, right now!
Let me handle them.
Hello, gentlemen.
We just wanted to go in, that's all.
We didn't see your names on the door,
so get going.
Don't waste energy.
They've got motor oil for brains.
-I'll take care of this.
-You think you're in a Kung Fu flick?
[Odd barks]
He's mean. Better be careful.
He'll bite you.
Hey, Rocky, what's wrong with him?
[bikers shout]
[panting]
[groaning and panting]
[Ulrich] What do we about them?
We'll worry about them later on.
Now let's take care of Odd.
[mechanical clanking]
[groaning]
[Aelita] We're ready.
Odd, I'm gonna virtualize you
as you are onto Lyoko.
Then, I'll restore your two DNA sequences,
which should then return
to their original molecular state.
What was that?
You, dog-man, go to Lyoko.
He unscrambles you and dog's DNA.
You and dog come back separated.
You very clever.
[Jeremy] Virtualization.
[digital whirring]
[Odd barks]
It's like I've got the hiccups.
This gonna take long, Einstein?
[Jeremy] I can't tell you in dog years.
It's complicated.
So don't distract me.
And don't go anywhere.
If you devirtualize before I finish,
you'll be a dog forever.
Thanks, I feel better now!
Are you sure that we can't help?
[shushes]
He's to concentrate.
-[Jeremy] No! Activated tower!
-[Aelita] We're on it!
At least we didn't miss dinner
for nothing. Cool.
[Jeremy] Odd, XANA just activated
a tower in the Ice Sector.
Ulrich and Aelita will handle it.
You stay put, understand?
I get it. "Sit," "Heel," "Roll over."
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
Transfer Aelita.
Virtualization.
[energetic music]
[tense music]
[groaning]
[Ulrich and Aelita gasp]
For XANA!
Nice. The locals came to welcome us.
How about a little overbike action?
[Jeremy] You got it. Be careful.
[Aelita grunts]
Hey!
[Ulrich] Relax,
I won't run any red lights.
[Odd] Einstein, do you see what I hear?
Ouch!
Three Bloks just showed up! Better hide!
[Odd grunts]
I'll call Yumi for backup.
[phone rings]
Well, it's about time you called.
My day has been just thrilling!
Major trouble on Lyoko.
-Get over here.
-[Yumi hums]
I get the feeling you forgot about Sissi!
No problem.
Give me a minute, and then come over here.
[phone rings]
-Dad?
-[Jeremy] Elisabeth…
[imitating her dad's voice] Why
aren't you home? You have homework!
Do you understand? Hurry on home!
But… But… Be right there.
[sad trombone]
[hums]
She's finally out of my hair.
You know the way back. Ciao.
[William nods]
[theme music]
[bike engine]
[gong striking]
[energetic music]
[mechanical footsteps]
[yells] Attack!
[laser bullets swoosh]
[metallic clang]
[Aelita groans]
Aelita!
[Aelita moans and gasps]
[grumbles]
[laser bullets swoosh]
[grunts]
[Ulrich grunts and shouts]
[Ulrich shouts]
[wheels grinding]
-[Ulrich gasps]
-[Tarantula groans]
Wow!
[gasps]
[energetic music]
[Odd barks]
Oops!
[mechanical clanking]
Laser arrow!
Kiwi, come on. My front paws
aren't just for running, you know?
[laser bullets swooshing]
[birds chirping]
[mechanical clanking]
[grunts]
Why isn't the elevator working?
I shut it off because of the three goons.
-Are they gone?
-What? There's nobody up here!
I'll explain later.
No sign of XANA trouble in town?
-No.
-Good.
I'll switch the elevator on right now.
See you in a sec!
[bikes engines]
[Yumi grunts]
[groans]
[digital whirring]
[grunts]
[laser bullets swooshing]
[Ulrich grunts]
[Ulrich shouts]
[grunts]
I think I just hit a pedestrian.
[Jeremy] No time for jokes.
Aelita's in a big jam.
[panting]
Attack!
[Odd] Laser arrow!
Odd, if you get hit one more time,
you'll be in the doghouse for good.
I'd like to see you down here.
[Jeremy] Hang on.
The program almost finishes.
Where's Yumi? Wasn't she my backup?
[Yumi pants]
[panting]
[action music]
[grunting]
[engines]
[gasps]
-[phone rings]
-[grunts]
Up there!
Thanks, Jeremy!
[energetic music]
[mechanical footsteps]
[grunts]
[Odd barks and groans]
[mechanical whirring]
[Odd] Quit spinning will you?
[Odd shouts]
[gasps]
[Aelita pants]
[mechanical footsteps]
[Ulrich] No!
-Energy field!
-[grunts]
[energetic music continues]
[Ulrich shouts]
[grunts]
-Ulrich!
-[gasps]
-[William pants and grunts]
-[Ulrich moans]
[evil laugh]
-[gasps]
-[Jeremy] Ulrich! Yumi is not answering.
-Something is not right.
-[Ulrich] I'm on it.
[engines]
[Yumi grunts]
[bike grinding]
[bikers scream]
[electricity crackles]
-[Yumi shouts]
-[crashing]
[bikers and Yumi grunt]
[Yumi groans]
[Jeremy] Odd, I've reconstructed
your separate DNA sequences.
I have to load it into the scanner.
Three seconds, and you're back to normal.
You have to devirtualize yourself.
[energetic music]
[hums]
About time! My paws are really killing me!
And these guys
won't let sleeping dogs lie!
[grunts]
Don't miss me guys!
I can't wait to be my old self again.
[computer beeping]
Oh, no, Odd, get out of there!
Huh?
[Odd] Jam!
[explosion]
Hey! Any more surprises on the way?
[Jeremy] Sorry, I didn't delete
the old DNA from the memory.
If I did, it would have bugged.
Relax, we'll be back online right away.
[Odd] I sure hope so.
How are the others doing?
Could be better.
No news of Yumi and Aelita's alone
fighting William and his pals.
And you want me
to hang out here scratching fleas?
[Jeremy] Odd, I'm not done yet,
It's too dangerous!
Do you hear me?
Oh, you're about as obedient as Kiwi!
[digital whirring]
[Yumi pants]
[Yumi moans]
[bikers pant and groan]
[door creaks]
[door slams]
[Yumi grunts]
[door banging]
[knocks on door]
[biker groans]
[Yumi moans]
[explosion]
[elevator hissing]
[mechanical clanking]
[Ulrich gasps]
[panting]
[Odd pants and shouts]
[grunting]
[sparks]
[Yumi grunts]
[William groans]
[Aelita shouts]
[Aelita gasps]
[electricity crackles]
[gasps]
[William shouts]
[Aelita] No!
[tense music]
Aelita!
[rattling]
[grunts]
[energetic music]
[Aelita gasps]
[panting]
[William] Super smoke!
[Odd barks and groans]
[Jeremy] No, the DNA data
isn't finished yet, Odd!
-[Odd groans]
-[William grunts]
[computer beeping]
Odd!
[digital whirring]
No!
[scanners hissing]
Kiwi?
Oh, it's Odd's little diggedy dog.
What a good boy! Yeah!
[Yumi moans and bikers grunt]
[electricity crackles]
[ethereal music]
[beeping]
[grunts]
[groans]
[Aelita] Tower deactivated.
[digital whirring]
[bikers moan]
[pants]
[Ulrich pants]
Yumi, no!
Yumi, you okay?
A bit shaken, but not stirred.
[beeping]
Jeremy, all's well with Yumi.
Odd and Kiwi good too? That's great!
No time to celebrate.
Gotta move those bikers
before they wake up.
[theme music]
[moaning]
[dog groaning]
What's wrong with that dog?
Has he got rabies, or what?
It's not worth taking any chances.
Let's roll!
-[dog barking]
-[engines starting]
[birds chirping]
[upbeat music]
-Hi. Sleep well?
-No, I didn't sleep a wink!
Odd was so glad to see Kiwi,
they played all night.
With Kiwi's talent and my idea
of having him foam at the mouth
with toothpaste, you gotta admit
we're a great team.
With us on Lyoko,
XANA won't stand a chance.
-I wouldn't try that again.
-Odd, do you always carry toothpaste?
Yeah, you never know
when you'll run into a pretty girl.
His feet smell awful.
Imagine him with bad breath as well.
[laughing]
Yumi, I know you're the reason
William's all messed up, I'll prove it.
-Don't bother, I know.
-Aha!
I broke up with him today.
Don't be surprised if he stays messed up
for a long time. He took it hard.
You kidding me?
[grunts]
There's still a little of Kiwi in me.
You've still got a tail?
No, his sense of smell.
We are having beef stew
and Brussels sprouts for lunch.
-[Odd] I can smell it from here.
-[laughing]
[theme music]